04/01/23, 22:43 - Patience EWYL22E0005: I am a proud edoofian
04/01/23, 22:45 - Unknown: - That's right, you are a proud Edoofian!

- We are delighted to have you as part of our student community.

- How do you intend to broaden this student community? In your next session, discuss your thoughts with your mentor.","transform":"
04/01/23, 22:47 - Patience EWYL22E0005: Okay Thank you
04/01/23, 23:54 - Unknown: Greetings, Proud Edoofian
I hope that you are in good health and spirits

A very Happy new year to you and your family!
It is the year to trust in yourself and pursue your wildest ambitions; a new year brings abundant opportunities.
04/01/23, 23:54 - Unknown: Edoofian, I would like you to know the 3 things that I want to achieve this year :
1. Make sure that your academic journey is GREAT!✨
2. Make sure you are able to self-finance your higher education here in India!. For that, Let us start with a smaller target of earning between $30-$50 per month and as we increase our earnings, We will keep increasing this target as well
3. And ensure that you are learning and evolving with the relevant 21st-century skills to prepare you for the real-world, workplace and help you grow holistically which we will do by judiciously making use of the lessons and activities


Also, I wanted to inform you that we won’t be having any sessions Today.
I will be spending my time Today designing a new plan for us using which we can earn the number of scholarship credits that we desire.
04/01/23, 23:54 - Unknown: Since, It’s Wednesday Today, which means that it is time for our *WEDNESDAY Lesson*.
I will be sharing the lesson with you soon.

Note, There is a slight change. From now on, The deadline to submit every Wednesday Lesson will be 5 min prior to our next session so that we can discuss your response in detail during our session only.
Please let me know if you have any doubts regarding our session timings.

Also, feel free to share any queries that you have, We will be discussing them in our next session.
Have a cheerful day ahead!
04/01/23, 23:54 - Unknown: *Wednesday Lesson | 4 Jan*

Persuasion is the art of convincing others to agree with the view you have or go through with your actions. Many people know about it, but not everyone is able to use it to its full capacity. In regular businesses, persuasion is very important as it can boost your sales and gain trust. However, people still haven’t fully realized the value persuasion has in a professional career yet. Today’s Wednesday wisdom will give you a chance to learn about this skill and help you to ingrain the same in you. 

_I would like to write in brief about how you will be using these skills for the EWYL projects_ 
And, As discussed earlier, I would be requiring you to share your response 5 mins prior to our next session.

Happy learning.
25/07/22, 03:16 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. I am sure we all understand how important it is to follow our rituals and routine religiously. Rituals motivate and move us. I have seen some of the students do not follow the ritual of saying I am a Proud Edoofian, especially on Sunday. This text is not an obligation but a practice each proud Edoofian should undertake. It is a reminder to self, the achievements you have achieved so far, the strong community that you are part of. 

So make sure you do not miss out of this practice and form a habit of sending “ I am a proud Edoofian” even on Sundays!

Happy Weekend!","transform":"
31/07/22, 21:33 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. I am sure we all understand how important it is to follow our rituals and routine religiously. Rituals motivate and move us. I have seen some of the students do not follow the ritual of saying I am a Proud Edoofian, especially on Sunday. This text is not an obligation but a practice each proud Edoofian should undertake. It is a reminder to self, the achievements you have achieved so far, the strong community that you are part of. \r
﻿\r
So make sure you do not miss out of this practice and form a habit of sending “ I am a proud Edoofian” even on Sundays!\r
﻿\r
Happy Weekend!\r
\r
\r
\r
\r","transform":"
11/08/22, 22:08 - Unknown: Hello, our proud Edoofian, I hope you are doing well. 



I am pleased to share with you that, on account of Raksha Bandhan, We are observing an off today. 



Let me share the significance of this festival: On this day, a sister ties a thread on the wrist of her brother as a symbol of her unconditional faith in him and of her prayers for his long life. In return, the brother promises to keep her happy always and protect her from all troubles. The festival celebrates the bond between brothers and sisters.

Each relation in our life should be celebrated and festivals just provide the time to strengthen this bond. While team edoofa recharges its emotional batteries, We will connect in our next session scheduled, till then have a great time. Also, keep practising your ritual of saying “ I am a Proud Edoofian!”","transform":"
15/08/22, 21:34 - Unknown: Hello our Proud Edoofian, I hope you are doing well. 



Independence Day promotes nationalism and patriotism toward the nation. It is one of the great days everyone remembers the sacrifices made by our freedom fighters to get Independence. India is celebrating its 76th Independence Day today. And everyone at Team Edoofa is celebrating this day and has taken the day off 



We will connect in our next session scheduled, till then have a great time. Also, keep practising your ritual of saying “ I am a Proud Edoofian!”","transform":"
