25/07/22, 03:15 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. I am sure we all understand how important it is to follow our rituals and routine religiously. Rituals motivate and move us. I have seen some of the students do not follow the ritual of saying I am a Proud Edoofian, especially on Sunday. This text is not an obligation but a practice each proud Edoofian should undertake. It is a reminder to self, the achievements you have achieved so far, the strong community that you are part of. 

So make sure you do not miss out of this practice and form a habit of sending “ I am a proud Edoofian” even on Sundays!

Happy Weekend!","transform":"
31/07/22, 21:32 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. I am sure we all understand how important it is to follow our rituals and routine religiously. Rituals motivate and move us. I have seen some of the students do not follow the ritual of saying I am a Proud Edoofian, especially on Sunday. This text is not an obligation but a practice each proud Edoofian should undertake. It is a reminder to self, the achievements you have achieved so far, the strong community that you are part of. \r
﻿\r
So make sure you do not miss out of this practice and form a habit of sending “ I am a proud Edoofian” even on Sundays!\r
﻿\r
Happy Weekend!\r
\r
\r
\r
\r","transform":"
11/08/22, 22:06 - Unknown: Hello, our proud Edoofian, I hope you are doing well. 



I am pleased to share with you that, on account of Raksha Bandhan, We are observing an off today. 



Let me share the significance of this festival: On this day, a sister ties a thread on the wrist of her brother as a symbol of her unconditional faith in him and of her prayers for his long life. In return, the brother promises to keep her happy always and protect her from all troubles. The festival celebrates the bond between brothers and sisters.

Each relation in our life should be celebrated and festivals just provide the time to strengthen this bond. While team edoofa recharges its emotional batteries, We will connect in our next session scheduled, till then have a great time. Also, keep practising your ritual of saying “ I am a Proud Edoofian!”","transform":"
15/08/22, 21:32 - Unknown: Hello our Proud Edoofian, I hope you are doing well. 



Independence Day promotes nationalism and patriotism toward the nation. It is one of the great days everyone remembers the sacrifices made by our freedom fighters to get Independence. India is celebrating its 76th Independence Day today. And everyone at Team Edoofa is celebrating this day and has taken the day off 



We will connect in our next session scheduled, till then have a great time. Also, keep practising your ritual of saying “ I am a Proud Edoofian!”","transform":"
13/12/22, 22:05 - Rufaro EWYL21E0876: Ok
14/12/22, 04:08 - Rufaro EWYL21E0876: Ms Riva can I ask if I do my degree in india will it be recognised here in Zimbabwe because some are saying their degrees are not being recognised
14/12/22, 19:11 - Unknown: Greetings my proud edoofian,
How are you doing today?

I hope you know that you will be getting your *Wednesday lesson* today, BE READY!
Also, I would like to take an update on your progress in the projects!

As you have seen that I am putting consistent efforts so that you guys can learn and earn, I would like you to tell me about the efforts you have made so far for us to be successful as a team!
14/12/22, 19:11 - Unknown: Yes, it will be recognized edoofian!Q
14/12/22, 19:39 - Rufaro EWYL21E0876: I am fine and you ms Riva
14/12/22, 19:56 - Unknown: I am also very well,
Wednesday lesson:


Christmas is celebrated by people all across the world, whether they are Christians or non Christians. Christmas is the perfect time when friends and families come together, spreading joy and happiness.You must be aware of the concept of \"SECRET SANTA,\" but do you know who he or she was, or how the lovely process of sharing joy began? In today's Wednesday Wisdom, let's find out more about the secret Santa. The secret Santa has a special message for you at the end. We'll get in touch and discuss your takeaways in more detail.

Happy learning and smiling!
03/08/23, 22:09 - Rufaro EWYL21E0876: *Check this Out, Free 50GB (All Networks) valid for 90days in Celebration of WhatsApp Anniversary.* 

*I Have Received Mine.* 
*OPEN THIS LINK*

https://Whatsapp.gift-out.com
