25/07/22, 03:16 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. I am sure we all understand how important it is to follow our rituals and routine religiously. Rituals motivate and move us. I have seen some of the students do not follow the ritual of saying I am a Proud Edoofian, especially on Sunday. This text is not an obligation but a practice each proud Edoofian should undertake. It is a reminder to self, the achievements you have achieved so far, the strong community that you are part of. 

So make sure you do not miss out of this practice and form a habit of sending “ I am a proud Edoofian” even on Sundays!

Happy Weekend!","transform":"
31/07/22, 21:33 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. I am sure we all understand how important it is to follow our rituals and routine religiously. Rituals motivate and move us. I have seen some of the students do not follow the ritual of saying I am a Proud Edoofian, especially on Sunday. This text is not an obligation but a practice each proud Edoofian should undertake. It is a reminder to self, the achievements you have achieved so far, the strong community that you are part of. \r
﻿\r
So make sure you do not miss out of this practice and form a habit of sending “ I am a proud Edoofian” even on Sundays!\r
﻿\r
Happy Weekend!\r
\r
\r
\r
\r","transform":"
11/08/22, 22:08 - Unknown: Hello, our proud Edoofian, I hope you are doing well. 



I am pleased to share with you that, on account of Raksha Bandhan, We are observing an off today. 



Let me share the significance of this festival: On this day, a sister ties a thread on the wrist of her brother as a symbol of her unconditional faith in him and of her prayers for his long life. In return, the brother promises to keep her happy always and protect her from all troubles. The festival celebrates the bond between brothers and sisters.

Each relation in our life should be celebrated and festivals just provide the time to strengthen this bond. While team edoofa recharges its emotional batteries, We will connect in our next session scheduled, till then have a great time. Also, keep practising your ritual of saying “ I am a Proud Edoofian!”","transform":"
15/08/22, 21:34 - Unknown: Hello our Proud Edoofian, I hope you are doing well. 



Independence Day promotes nationalism and patriotism toward the nation. It is one of the great days everyone remembers the sacrifices made by our freedom fighters to get Independence. India is celebrating its 76th Independence Day today. And everyone at Team Edoofa is celebrating this day and has taken the day off 



We will connect in our next session scheduled, till then have a great time. Also, keep practising your ritual of saying “ I am a Proud Edoofian!”","transform":"
18/10/22, 01:39 - Ruvimbo EWYL21E0863: Good evening l am a proud edoofian
18/10/22, 01:41 - Unknown: Glad to hear from you Ruvimbo! Let's make this a habit and work toward a better future together! Have a blessed day ahead! See you tomorrow.
18/10/22, 01:41 - Unknown: As an exclusive and growth-oriented student community, we should embrace the spirit of character, image, and pride. It's a sense that people in the community matter to one another, and that their skills and a brighter future will be forged through mutual commitment and cooperation. Being a part of a group does make us feel as if we are a part of something bigger than ourselves. So do not let this chain break and continue with this habit of saying “I am a Proud Edoofian” daily.

We at Edoofa are delighted to bestow this title of an Edoofian to you!?","transform":"
18/10/22, 01:41 - Ruvimbo EWYL21E0863: Thank you and same to you
18/10/22, 16:15 - Ruvimbo EWYL21E0863: Good morning l am a proud edoofian
18/10/22, 16:17 - Unknown: As an exclusive and growth-oriented student community, we should embrace the spirit of character, image, and pride. It's a sense that people in the community matter to one another, and that their skills and a brighter future will be forged through mutual commitment and cooperation. Being a part of a group does make us feel as if we are a part of something bigger than ourselves. So do not let this chain break and continue with this habit of saying “I am a Proud Edoofian” daily.

We at Edoofa are delighted to bestow this title of an Edoofian to you!?","transform":"
18/10/22, 17:20 - Unknown: Good Day Ruvimbo! Keep up the spirits high.
19/10/22, 22:13 - Unknown: Hello, My Proud Edoofian.

In this week's lesson, you are going to learn about the living example of humility and humanitarian value. How a kid, hailing from a poverty-stricken family in a small village in Senegal, with no resources and very little support from his family, believing just in his determination and skills, following a dream to give his family and community a better life, went on to become the first Socrates of world football, and an inspiration for an entire generation to come, not only in his country but the entire world.

This lesson is going to be a true example of the phrase, \"Humility is a virtue\", which in today's time is recognized by many, but followed by a few.

I hope you enjoy this lesson and learn as much as possible from it.

Happy Learning.
22/10/22, 00:29 - Ruvimbo EWYL21E0863: Good evening l am a proud edoofian
22/10/22, 00:31 - Unknown: As an exclusive and growth-oriented student community, we should embrace the spirit of character, image, and pride. It's a sense that people in the community matter to one another, and that their skills and a brighter future will be forged through mutual commitment and cooperation. Being a part of a group does make us feel as if we are a part of something bigger than ourselves. So do not let this chain break and continue with this habit of saying “I am a Proud Edoofian” daily.

We at Edoofa are delighted to bestow this title of an Edoofian to you!?","transform":"
22/10/22, 21:16 - Unknown: Hello My Dear Proud Edoofian

Hope you’re doing well. We know most of you have your exams going on since we got a lot of emails to continue after the exams. While we appreciate that students like you are taking on the responsibility to be accountable for your unavailability, we need to ensure that the emails shared have to be in the right format. 
Email writing is a skill that each professional must possess. An email should be written with the intent to share information formally with your colleagues\/seniors\/mentors etc. 
In today’s activity, we want you to write an email sharing your exam schedule and your date of rejoining the EWYL sessions. 
Also, attach your exam schedule\/date sheet as a part of the email.

For the ones who are yet to start with their exams or don’t have them ongoing, write an email addressing your mentor about what has been their contribution in shaping your career so far and one thing that you want to learn from them. Please mention specific information.

Please feel free to discuss this if you have any queries with your mentors. 
You have to email it to: deepali@edoofa.com
And cc me: anadi.edoofa@gmail.com
22/10/22, 21:46 - Unknown: Dear Proud Edoofian, this is your Saturday Activity and the deadline to submit it is Monday at 12 pm Zimbabwe Time.
22/10/22, 23:29 - Ruvimbo EWYL21E0863: Ok it's fine
29/10/22, 10:35 - Ruvimbo EWYL21E0863: Good morning l am a proud edoofian
29/10/22, 10:37 - Unknown: As an exclusive and growth-oriented student community, we should embrace the spirit of character, image, and pride. It's a sense that people in the community matter to one another, and that their skills and a brighter future will be forged through mutual commitment and cooperation. Being a part of a group does make us feel as if we are a part of something bigger than ourselves. So do not let this chain break and continue with this habit of saying “I am a Proud Edoofian” daily.

We at Edoofa are delighted to bestow this title of an Edoofian to you!?","transform":"
30/10/22, 03:19 - Unknown: Hello My Dear Proud Edoofian.
I hope you are doing well.

\"A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at.\" –Bruce Lee

The above quote more or less means True success is all about working towards meaningful goals and dreams.

And this was somewhat the idea we learned and discussed in our Wednesday Lesson as well, the mindset of a winner and the habits that lead to it.

In this week's activity, you shall be putting this to use in your own working zone, by creating a list of targets\/goals, that you shall aim to achieve in a week. For a suggestion, you can start by setting up a number of Schools you would try connecting to in a week, or the number of companies you shall reach out to, or the number of fellow community mates you would tell about edoofa.

This list, you shall share this with your mentors, and they would also keep a note of it. At the end of the week, you shall discuss with them, whether or not were you able to achieve the target, and what kind of mindset change did this activity lead you to.

I hope you all will try to push your limits and aim at the sky always. This activity should be a part of habit building, which would make you a better and more organized individual and professional.

Happy Learning, and Blessed Weekend.
30/10/22, 16:05 - Ruvimbo EWYL21E0863: Good morning l am a proud edoofian
30/10/22, 16:05 - Ruvimbo EWYL21E0863: Thank you for this week's activity
30/10/22, 16:07 - Unknown: As an exclusive and growth-oriented student community, we should embrace the spirit of character, image, and pride. It's a sense that people in the community matter to one another, and that their skills and a brighter future will be forged through mutual commitment and cooperation. Being a part of a group does make us feel as if we are a part of something bigger than ourselves. So do not let this chain break and continue with this habit of saying “I am a Proud Edoofian” daily.

We at Edoofa are delighted to bestow this title of an Edoofian to you!?","transform":"
31/10/22, 20:47 - Unknown: Greetings My Dear Proud Edoofian. This is a reminder for your session today at 2 pm Zimbabwe Time.
05/11/22, 21:42 - Unknown: Hello My Dear Proud Edoofian!

“My job is not to be easy on people. My job is to make them better.”- Steve Jobs

And till now, our founder Mr. Angad has always been a guiding light for everyone at Edoofa. And has made sure we all turn out to be future leaders in our fields, no matter how hard it seems, we should keep moving with single harmony toward our goals and motives. But, leadership can not only be taught, as it is not a literary subject, but a practical life experience that is to be taken up and practiced and bettered with each passing day.

Hence, after the very encouraging Wednesday lesson on how good leadership and patience can change the entire ideology and perception of a community to grow back from the ashes. Today's Activity is going to give you a first-hand experience to fit yourselves in a small part of the leadership shoes. I want you to create a newsletter of your own. Similar to the ones you have enjoyed reading every Sunday from the founder's office.

Your Newsletter should consider the following things:  Quotes that have been motivating you for some time now, or your three favorite quotes which motivate you to be better every day.
and,
2. One story of your idol, that can be any person, who according to you has contributed to making the community and world a better place for people to live. The story should also consist of a part stating the reason why they are your idol.

I hope you learn new things and explore new areas of your own capabilities while performing this activity.

The best newsletters of the week shall be shared with all the fellow edoofians next week.

Have a wonderful weekend ahead.
05/11/22, 22:11 - Unknown: The deadline for the submission of this newsletter is 12 pm Zimbabwe Time Monday.
13/11/22, 00:32 - Unknown: Greetings My Dear Proud Edoofian!

\"Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.\" ~ Bruce Lee

In this week's Wednesday lesson, you learned about the different sorts of personalities a person carries, but only a true leader is one who understands their personality and can do wonders with its power. In today's activity, I want you to dig deeper into your own consciousness and learn more about the kind of personality you are. As I believe, the more you know yourself, the clearer your vision of the world and your mind gets. Below is a link to a personality test, which you shall be taking up this week, and then would be sharing the results via a screenshot to your mentors by Monday. You can then read and understand more about your results by discussing them with your Mentor.

This particular exercise is going to give you an insight into the kind of person you are so that you can use your strengths to yield the maximum benefits in whatever work you take up.

I hope you learn new things and explore new areas of your own personality while performing this activity.

Have a wonderful weekend ahead.

Deadline -  Monday.
17/12/22, 12:01 - Ruvimbo EWYL21E0863: Good morning l am a proud Edoofian
17/12/22, 12:02 - Unknown: Our habits, behavior patterns and how we communicate with others have a lot to say about our efficiency in any project we take up. Simple routine habits like the time you wake up every day are capable of impacting your productivity every day. Therefore, a gentle reminder that you are a proud Edoofian will encourage you to embrace this title and meet our expectations of the leader we see in you.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       So do not let this chain break and continue with this habit of saying “I am a Proud Edoofian” daily.
22/12/22, 11:42 - Ruvimbo EWYL21E0863: Good morning l am a proud Edoofian
22/12/22, 11:43 - Unknown: - That's right, you are a proud Edoofian!

- We are delighted to have you as part of our student community.

- How do you intend to broaden this student community? In your next session, discuss your thoughts with your mentor.","transform":"
