08/03/23, 19:19 - Tadiwanashe EWYL22E0799: Morning my name is Tadiwanashe Mudondo my group is EWYL23E0799
09/03/23, 01:22 - Unknown: rm":"","text":"Hello my proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well.

Ready for today’s Wednesday Wisdom?

Have you ever wondered what the one governing principle that governs all businesses might be? What is the name of the one value that every company considers to be crucial? Have you ever heard of something called the North Star Metric?

North Star Metric is a key business metric that reflects the core value a product delivers to its customers. It's a single, actionable metric that aligns all efforts towards achieving long-term growth. Let us learn about in greater detail, read the lesson carefully and we will connect in our upcoming scheduled session. 

Till then Happy learning!
09/03/23, 16:59 - Unknown: Hello Tadiwanashe,  Congratulations on making it to the EWYL Line. Here we practice a 'mantra' where you should always start and end the day by saying 'I am a proud Edoofian' to boost your energy!
09/03/23, 18:23 - Tadiwanashe EWYL22E0799: I'm a proud edoofian
09/03/23, 18:24 - Unknown: Dear Proud Edoofian,

I hope you are doing well. This message serves as a gentle reminder for your Wednesday lesson. It is important to continue learning and developing your skills in order to advance in your career. Please take some time to go through the lesson, take notes on any important information, and complete the assigned tasks. Remember, investing in yourself is always a wise decision.

Happy learning!","transform":"
09/03/23, 18:30 - Tadiwanashe EWYL22E0799: Thank you
13/03/23, 18:44 - Tadiwanashe EWYL22E0799: I'm a proud edoofian
13/03/23, 18:48 - Unknown: rm":"","text":"A long time ago, a baker and a farmer lived in the same small English village.

These two men had a friendly arrangement in place, where the farmer would sell a pound of butter to the baker each day.

One morning, the baker decided to weigh the butter to see if he’d received the correct amount.

To his surprise, he discovered that the farmer had sold him less butter than he’d paid for.

Angry about the unfairness, he took the farmer to court.

At the hearing, the judge asked the farmer whether he used any measure to weigh the butter.

“Your honour, I am but a lowly farmer and do not own a proper measure. I simply use an old-fashioned scale,” he replied.

“How do you weight the butter then?” Enquired the judge.

To this the farmer answered:

“Your honour, long before the baker started buying butter from my farm, I’ve been buying a pound loaf of bread from him. Every day when he brings me the bread, I place it on my scale and give him the same weight in butter. If anyone is to be blamed, it’s the baker.”
13/03/23, 21:15 - Unknown: Good afternoon! Are you ready for your session now?
13/03/23, 22:23 - Tadiwanashe EWYL22E0799: I'm ready network is a challenge
15/03/23, 18:08 - Unknown: Good morning! How are you doing today? Today I will be sharing the wednesday lesson and don't forget to share the mantra to mark your attendance!","transform":"
15/03/23, 18:33 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian,
This week's Wednesday Wisdom will focus on the topic of \"Seeking Wealth, not Money or Status.\" This is an important lesson that will provide valuable insights into the pursuit of financial stability and success. During this lesson, we will explore the concept of wealth and its importance in building a sustainable financial future. We will discuss the difference between wealth, money, and status, and how each of these concepts plays a role in our lives.
I encourage you to read the lesson in detail and take notes to fully understand the material. It is important to engage with this topic and think critically about your own financial goals and aspirations.
By understanding the importance of seeking wealth over money or status, you can develop a more sustainable and fulfilling path towards financial success. I look forward to exploring this topic with you in more detail during our upcoming lesson.

Happy learning!","transform":"
15/03/23, 18:51 - Tadiwanashe EWYL22E0799: I'm a proud edoofian
15/03/23, 18:53 - Unknown: https:\/\/www.instagram.com\/p\/CpPEZWJhfS1\/","transform":"
15/03/23, 18:53 - Unknown: Hey everyone! You won't want to miss our latest post on the Edoofa Instagram page. Head over to our page to check it out, and feel free to share your own thoughts in the comments.","transform":"
15/03/23, 19:01 - Unknown: Hello Tadiwanashe
15/03/23, 19:45 - Tadiwanashe EWYL22E0799: Morning trying to open the Instagram page but failing
15/03/23, 22:52 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian,
This week's Wednesday Wisdom will focus on the topic of \"Seeking Wealth, not Money or Status.\" This is an important lesson that will provide valuable insights into the pursuit of financial stability and success. During this lesson, we will explore the concept of wealth and its importance in building a sustainable financial future. We will discuss the difference between wealth, money, and status, and how each of these concepts plays a role in our lives.
I encourage you to read the lesson in detail and take notes to fully understand the material. It is important to engage with this topic and think critically about your own financial goals and aspirations.
By understanding the importance of seeking wealth over money or status, you can develop a more sustainable and fulfilling path towards financial success. I look forward to exploring this topic with you in more detail during our upcoming lesson.

Happy learning!","transform":"
16/03/23, 19:23 - Tadiwanashe EWYL22E0799: I'm a proud edoofian
16/03/23, 19:24 - Unknown: Dear Proud Edoofian,

I hope you are doing well. This message serves as a gentle reminder for your Wednesday lesson. It is important to continue learning and developing your skills in order to advance in your career. Please take some time to go through the lesson, take notes on any important information, and complete the assigned tasks. Remember, investing in yourself is always a wise decision.

Happy learning!","transform":"
16/03/23, 21:11 - Unknown: Good afternoon! Are you ready for your session today?
18/03/23, 02:32 - Unknown: Dear Edoofian, I would like to inform you that I would be on Leave tomorrow. However, you should share the mantra \"I am a proud Edoofian\" in the morning at 9AM to start off the day with an exciting piece of information! 
You will also be receiving the Saturday Activity so make sure you go through it thoroughly and share with me your response to the task that will be shared with you.
Wishing you a blessed weekend and let us connect next week!","transform":"
18/03/23, 15:33 - Unknown: Dear Edoofian,
As I have informed yesterday, I am on a leave today and I would like to remind you that you should share the mantra \"I am a proud Edoofian\" to receive today's exciting piece of lesson. Also look out for the Saturday activity which will be shared soon. I wish you a pleasant day ahead and if you have any queries, you can ask me in the next session.
May God Bless you.","transform":"
20/03/23, 17:42 - Unknown: Hello my proud Edoofian!

The Wednesday Wisdom encouraged us to seek wealth, not just money or status, here's a task for you as part of your Saturday activity. Let's start by reflecting on your personal values and what you truly want to achieve in life. Think beyond just material possessions or external validation and focus on what brings you true happiness and fulfillment.

Next, I'd like you to create either a personal mission statement or a vision board that captures your values, goals, and vision. Your mission statement should be concise and inspiring, and serve as a guiding principle for your actions and decision-making. Alternatively, your vision board can include images, words, and symbols that represent your values and long-term goals.

Once you've completed either your personal mission statement or vision board, share it with your mentor and discuss how it can help you stay focused on seeking true wealth and fulfillment in life. Revisit your statement or vision board regularly and make adjustments as needed. This task will help you gain a deeper understanding of what you truly value in life and create a roadmap for achieving your long-term goals.

Good luck, and have fun creating!","transform":"
21/03/23, 18:03 - Unknown: rm":"","text":"Good morning dear Edoofian! I hope you are having a pleasant day! 
21/03/23, 18:03 - Unknown: You do not have a session today but share the mantra: \"I am a proud Edoofian\" to learn about today's interesting topic of discussion and to mark your daily attendance.","transform":"
22/03/23, 22:26 - Unknown:  I will answer your queries tomorrow at 9AM and don't forget to receive your Wednesday Lesson today which I will be sending soon. Are we clear?","transform":"
22/03/23, 22:26 - Unknown: Greetings, pardon me for not informing earlier but I would like to inform you that today I am not available for the session as I am in a day-long meeting with the Board of Directors of Edoofa.","transform":"
22/03/23, 22:57 - Unknown: Hello my proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well.

Ready for your dose of Wednesday wisdom?","transform":"
22/03/23, 22:57 - Unknown: Read today’s lesson in detail and let's have a detailed discussion in our upcoming session. I am sure today’s lesson will lead to many fruitful discussions and will assist you in planning better for your journey towards wealth creation.","transform":"
22/03/23, 22:57 - Unknown: The concept of wealth has been a topic of much debate and discussion for centuries. While some view wealth as a means to achieve success and fulfillment, others may view it with suspicion or even disdain. However, it is important to understand that ethical wealth creation is possible and can be a force for good in the world. In this regard, it is essential to examine our own perspectives on wealth creation, and consider how they may impact our relationship with money, status, and success.","transform":"
22/03/23, 22:57 - Unknown: I want to ask you a question: Have you Despised Wealth?","transform":"
23/03/23, 18:08 - Unknown: Good morning! I hope you are doing well! 
Be ready for your session today at 12PM so do come on time!","transform":"
23/03/23, 20:33 - Unknown: Read today’s lesson in detail and let's have a detailed discussion in our upcoming session. I am sure today’s lesson will lead to many fruitful discussions and will assist you in planning better for your journey towards wealth creation.","transform":"
23/03/23, 20:33 - Unknown: Hello my proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well.

Ready for your dose of Wednesday wisdom?","transform":"
23/03/23, 20:33 - Unknown: I want to ask you a question: Have you Despised Wealth?","transform":"
23/03/23, 20:33 - Unknown: The concept of wealth has been a topic of much debate and discussion for centuries. While some view wealth as a means to achieve success and fulfillment, others may view it with suspicion or even disdain. However, it is important to understand that ethical wealth creation is possible and can be a force for good in the world. In this regard, it is essential to examine our own perspectives on wealth creation, and consider how they may impact our relationship with money, status, and success.","transform":"
24/03/23, 00:02 - Unknown: Thank you for coming for the session today. I hope you have learnt something fruitful today and even though you don't have a session tomorrow you should share the mantra \"I am a proud Edoofian\" to mark your attendance. May God Bless you my dear.","transform":"
24/03/23, 15:32 - Unknown: Read today’s lesson in detail and let's have a detailed discussion in our upcoming session. I am sure today’s lesson will lead to many fruitful discussions and will assist you in planning better for your journey towards wealth creation.","transform":"
24/03/23, 15:32 - Unknown: I want to ask you a question: Have you Despised Wealth?","transform":"
24/03/23, 15:32 - Unknown: Hello my proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well.

Ready for your dose of Wednesday wisdom?","transform":"
24/03/23, 15:32 - Unknown: The concept of wealth has been a topic of much debate and discussion for centuries. While some view wealth as a means to achieve success and fulfillment, others may view it with suspicion or even disdain. However, it is important to understand that ethical wealth creation is possible and can be a force for good in the world. In this regard, it is essential to examine our own perspectives on wealth creation, and consider how they may impact our relationship with money, status, and success.","transform":"
25/03/23, 00:03 - Unknown: My dear Edoofian, thank you for coming for the sessions this week and I hope you learnt something fruitful this week. 
Don't forget to end the day with the mantra \"I am a proud Edoofian\" and you shall receive your Saturday Activity tomorrow.
Have a great weekend and stay Blessed","transform":"
25/03/23, 23:56 - Unknown: Hello my proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. 

I am pleased to observe that a majority of you comprehended well, the message  that was conveyed in this week's Wednesday wisdom. It brought me great joy to go through student’s perspectives on wealth creation and the mindset essential for embarking on this path.

I have a special Saturday assignment for you. The objective of this assignment is to help you understand the steps you can take to prepare yourself for wealth creation. The assignment will encourage you to identify their goals, develop a financial plan, and cultivate the mindset and habits needed to achieve financial success.

Here are some instructions to make it easy for you to work on this assignment:
1. Goal Setting: The first step towards wealth creation is to set clear and achievable goals. In this section, write down your short-term and long-term financial goals. Explain how each goal will contribute to your overall financial success.
2. Financial Planning: A financial plan is a roadmap that outlines how you will achieve your financial goals. In this section, develop a comprehensive financial plan that includes strategies for budgeting, saving, investing, and debt management. Identify the resources you will need to achieve your financial plan and explain how you will access them.
3. Mindset and Habits: Wealth creation is not just about having a financial plan; it is also about cultivating the mindset and habits that will help you achieve your goals. In this section, identify the mindset and habits that are necessary for financial success. Explain how you will cultivate these qualities in yourself and develop strategies to overcome any obstacles that may arise.
4. Conclusion: In this section, summarize your findings and discuss the importance of preparing yourself for wealth creation. Reflect on what you have learned throughout the assignment and discuss how you will apply these principles in your own life.

You are required
27/03/23, 19:02 - Unknown: Happy Monday!! 
I hope you had a great weekend.
We shall be having our session today at 12PM so do come on time","transform":"
27/03/23, 21:17 - Unknown: Hello my proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. 

I am pleased to observe that a majority of you comprehended well, the message  that was conveyed in this week's Wednesday wisdom. It brought me great joy to go through student’s perspectives on wealth creation and the mindset essential for embarking on this path.

I have a special Saturday assignment for you. The objective of this assignment is to help you understand the steps you can take to prepare yourself for wealth creation. The assignment will encourage you to identify their goals, develop a financial plan, and cultivate the mindset and habits needed to achieve financial success.

Here are some instructions to make it easy for you to work on this assignment:
1. Goal Setting: The first step towards wealth creation is to set clear and achievable goals. In this section, write down your short-term and long-term financial goals. Explain how each goal will contribute to your overall financial success.
2. Financial Planning: A financial plan is a roadmap that outlines how you will achieve your financial goals. In this section, develop a comprehensive financial plan that includes strategies for budgeting, saving, investing, and debt management. Identify the resources you will need to achieve your financial plan and explain how you will access them.
3. Mindset and Habits: Wealth creation is not just about having a financial plan; it is also about cultivating the mindset and habits that will help you achieve your goals. In this section, identify the mindset and habits that are necessary for financial success. Explain how you will cultivate these qualities in yourself and develop strategies to overcome any obstacles that may arise.
4. Conclusion: In this section, summarize your findings and discuss the importance of preparing yourself for wealth creation. Reflect on what you have learned throughout the assignment and discuss how you will apply these principles in your own life.

You are required
04/04/23, 18:03 - Unknown: Hello! I hope you had a splendid night. As you don't have a session today, I would like you to start working on the project we have discussed and share at least a form with me in the next session on Thursday. If you have queries regarding the projects, be ready to discuss them in the next session. Have a Blessed Day ahead.","transform":"
05/04/23, 00:17 - Unknown: Hello! I hope you had a splendid night. As you don't have a session today, I would like you to start working on the project we have discussed and share at least a form with me in the next session on Thursday. If you have queries regarding the projects, be ready to discuss them in the next session. Have a Blessed Day ahead.","transform":"
05/04/23, 01:03 - Unknown: Here I am sharing the newsletter for you to have a glimpse of it.
Tell me which part enlightens you the most! Mine is the hall of inspiration where Edoofians have achieved great heights in all fields!
","transform":"
05/04/23, 21:16 - Unknown: Hello My Proud Edoofian, 

It is true that keeping your head down and working consistently during student life may seem boring to some. However, it is essential for achieving academic success and laying the foundation for a successful career. In today's fast-paced world, there are many distractions that can hinder a student's progress, making it even more important to stay focused and committed to their goals. Read the Wednesday wisdom lesson in detail to know about Consistency. We certainly will discuss in detail about your learnings in our upcoming scheduled session. 

Happy Learning","transform":"
06/04/23, 16:33 - Unknown: Hello My Proud Edoofian, 

It is true that keeping your head down and working consistently during student life may seem boring to some. However, it is essential for achieving academic success and laying the foundation for a successful career. In today's fast-paced world, there are many distractions that can hinder a student's progress, making it even more important to stay focused and committed to their goals. Read the Wednesday wisdom lesson in detail to know about Consistency. We certainly will discuss in detail about your learnings in our upcoming scheduled session. 

Happy Learning","transform":"
06/04/23, 18:07 - Unknown: Happy Easter! As we celebrate this special holiday, may we be reminded of the hope and joy that comes with new beginnings. May this Easter bring you renewed strength, peace, and blessings.

Whether you are celebrating with loved ones or spending the day in quiet reflection, I wish you a wonderful day filled with love, happiness, and good health. Let's take this opportunity to appreciate the blessings in our lives and share our gratitude with those around us.

Once again, Happy Easter and best wishes to you and your loved ones.

Warm regards,
Maurice Yeng
EWYL Mentor
Edoofa","transform":"
06/04/23, 18:32 - Unknown: A very good morning, this is a reminder that you have a scheduled session with me today at 12PM. I hope you are doing well and are looking forward to our meeting.

As we discussed in our previous session, please come prepared to share your understanding of the lesson that we went over yesterday. I'm looking forward to hearing your thoughts and insights on the topic.

If you have any questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to reach out to me. Otherwise, I'll see you at 12PM.","transform":"
07/04/23, 18:41 - Unknown: Dear Edoofian,

I hope this Easter season fills your heart with joy, peace, and hope. May you have a wonderful time with your loved ones, enjoying the festivities and making precious memories. Remember that Easter is not just about the chocolate eggs or bunnies, but about celebrating new beginnings and the triumph of love over everything else. Have a blessed Easter and enjoy the well-deserved break!","transform":"
08/04/23, 01:02 - Unknown: Dear Edoofian,

I hope this Easter season fills your heart with joy, peace, and hope. May you have a wonderful time with your loved ones, enjoying the festivities and making precious memories. Remember that Easter is not just about the chocolate eggs or bunnies, but about celebrating new beginnings and the triumph of love over everything else. Have a blessed Easter and enjoy the well-deserved break!","transform":"
08/04/23, 01:02 - Unknown: Dear Edoofian,

I hope this Easter season fills your heart with joy, peace, and hope. May you have a wonderful time with your loved ones, enjoying the festivities and making precious memories. Remember that Easter is not just about the chocolate eggs or bunnies, but about celebrating new beginnings and the triumph of love over everything else. Have a blessed Easter and enjoy the well-deserved break!","transform":"
08/04/23, 17:33 - Unknown: Dear Students,
I hope this message finds you well. 

\"Consistency is the foundation of achievement. Stay consistent in your actions, and you will achieve your goals.\"

As we discussed in Wednesday's lesson, consistency is key to achieving your goals. In order to assess your understanding of this topic, I am requesting that you submit a brief write-up on what you learned from the lesson and your discussions with your mentors, how you plan to apply it to your daily routine. Please submit your responses before your next Scheduled Session (11\/04).

Also I want you to write a heartfelt message to your mentors, discussing the obstacles you are encountering that are preventing you from maintaining consistency in your sessions and EWYL submissions.

Remember, consistency is not just about doing something once, but about making a habit of it. So, let's work together to build consistent study habits and achieve success!","transform":"
09/04/23, 14:33 - Unknown: Dear Students,
I hope this message finds you well. 

\"Consistency is the foundation of achievement. Stay consistent in your actions, and you will achieve your goals.\"

As we discussed in Wednesday's lesson, consistency is key to achieving your goals. In order to assess your understanding of this topic, I am requesting that you submit a brief write-up on what you learned from the lesson and your discussions with your mentors, how you plan to apply it to your daily routine. Please submit your responses before your next Scheduled Session (11\/04).

Also I want you to write a heartfelt message to your mentors, discussing the obstacles you are encountering that are preventing you from maintaining consistency in your sessions and EWYL submissions.

Remember, consistency is not just about doing something once, but about making a habit of it. So, let's work together to build consistent study habits and achieve success!","transform":"
