03/08/22, 17:26 - Takudzwa EWYL22E0421: Greetings l am a proud Edoofian
03/08/22, 17:28 - Unknown: As an exclusive and growth-oriented student community, we should embrace the spirit of character, image, and pride. It's a sense that people in the community matter to one another, and that their skills and a brighter future will be forged through mutual commitment and cooperation. Being a part of a group does make us feel as if we are a part of something bigger than ourselves. So do not let this chain break and continue with this habit of saying “I am a Proud Edoofian” daily.

We at Edoofa are delighted to bestow this title of an Edoofian to you!?","transform":"
03/08/22, 17:30 - Takudzwa EWYL22E0421: Ok noted thank you
03/08/22, 19:29 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. 

Today I have connected with you to talk about something that unites us all. It serves as a link between each and every student, counselor, mentor, and parent associated with Edoofa. Every school that is happy to be associated with Edoofa does so because of the Edoofa Student community's shared love and passion for advancement. We all work hard, even our young and ambitious students, to guarantee that we all grow together. And it fills us with enormous satisfaction when our students express joy when they learn that they are featured in the newsletter and on social media sites and that they are happy that they are being recognised by their peers. It is the success of everyone who is a part of this wonderful community when they work together. The most successful leaders have a practice of sharing positive affirmations. We've decided to make this an intentional part of our everyday practice. Now that the majority of you are connecting with your mentors three to four times pere week, you want to have a daily connection where we can celebrate our status as members of this renowned community of ambitious people. We want to build a conscious reminder of who we are, why we started this journey, and what our ultimate aims are, and a common sentence that can help us rewrite all of these things is the collective community bonding, therefore you must wish and speak out proudly to be an Edoofian every day. Every day, you must text me and say, \"I am a proud Edoofian.\"

Let me define an Edoofian for you: A strong individual with a goal to be the voice of the voiceless and a leader for tomorrow is focused on bettering themselves and using their expertise to bring change to their country. Who is willing to put in the effort to make everything work so that his family can be proud of him, and who is responsible and sensible. Only the sky's the limit for a true Edoofian. Now that you know what an Edoofian is, these att
03/08/22, 20:05 - Takudzwa EWYL22E0421: Ok noted sorry to respond later l was busy go through this one
03/08/22, 22:41 - Unknown: Today I wanted to discuss the recent message I shared with you. The message that we want to be our daily habit, our words of connecting and experiencing a sense of belonging, We all at team Edoofa are very thrilled as we personally are undertaking the same activity. May I know what have you understood from this message, what is the intention behind the same?
03/08/22, 22:52 - Takudzwa EWYL22E0421: Ok l  have understood that  an Edoofian is someone who has a goal  to be the voice of the voiceless and become a leader of tomorrow and is focused on aiming great things and also wish to change his\/her county .also is willing to put an effort and make the family be proud of her
04/08/22, 16:36 - Takudzwa EWYL22E0421: Good morning l am proud Edoofian
04/08/22, 16:37 - Unknown: As an exclusive and growth-oriented student community, we should embrace the spirit of character, image, and pride. It's a sense that people in the community matter to one another, and that their skills and a brighter future will be forged through mutual commitment and cooperation. Being a part of a group does make us feel as if we are a part of something bigger than ourselves. So do not let this chain break and continue with this habit of saying “I am a Proud Edoofian” daily.

We at Edoofa are delighted to bestow this title of an Edoofian to you!?","transform":"
04/08/22, 16:51 - Takudzwa EWYL22E0421: Ok noted
04/08/22, 16:58 - Takudzwa EWYL22E0421: Tomorrow l will not be online because l will going to attend my church conference starting tomorrow so l am sure we will connect  on monday
04/08/22, 19:04 - Unknown: Greetings Takudzwa , we can connect tomorrow about this if you are busy today?
05/08/22, 18:24 - Unknown: Greetings my proud edoofian,
Best wishes for the new day!

Team edoofa has arranged a webinar  for you all, 
The webinar would be taken by Ronard Kachage.
Designation : Co founder at Success Magazine.

Date 05 August 
Time 3:30 PM [ Zimbabwe time ] 

Takeaways from the webinar.
The topic will be along the lines of how Mr. Kachaje went on to pursue a career in real estate by having a degree in the same field and eventually figured out his calling which was building the media brand  Magazine. One of the many benefits of starting a business or pursuing your passions when one is a bit older is that they bring all of the experience and wisdom to the table. 
The journey of Mr. Kachaje is certainly inspiring, growth-oriented, and a wonderful example for the youth of today, not only in terms of being passionate about what you believe in but also having a consistent outlook towards learning on the way and figuring things out at the same time. 

Please fill the RSVP form 
Link of the RSVP Form: https:\/\/forms.gle\/NnZ5v4tj2tbkroKQ8
Link of the Webinar:   https:\/\/meet.google.com\/ofv-udzt-uai

My proud edoofian,
Your presence would be appreciated as we have shortlisted very few students for this webinar.
Please join 5 minutes before time as it is a very informative session so I do not want you to miss anything!
