16/07/22, 18:14 - Wilma EWYL21E0682: I am a proud edoofian
16/07/22, 18:16 - Unknown: As an exclusive and growth-oriented student community, we should embrace the spirit of character, image, and pride. It's a sense that people in the community matter to one another, and that their skills and a brighter future will be forged through mutual commitment and cooperation. Being a part of a group does make us feel as if we are a part of something bigger than ourselves. So do not let this chain break and continue with this habit of saying “I am a Proud Edoofian” daily.

We at Edoofa are delighted to bestow this title of an Edoofian to you!?","transform":"
16/07/22, 18:21 - Wilma EWYL21E0682: I am a proud edoofian
16/07/22, 18:22 - Unknown: As an exclusive and growth-oriented student community, we should embrace the spirit of character, image, and pride. It's a sense that people in the community matter to one another, and that their skills and a brighter future will be forged through mutual commitment and cooperation. Being a part of a group does make us feel as if we are a part of something bigger than ourselves. So do not let this chain break and continue with this habit of saying “I am a Proud Edoofian” daily.

We at Edoofa are delighted to bestow this title of an Edoofian to you!?","transform":"
16/07/22, 21:04 - Wilma EWYL21E0682: Thank you
18/07/22, 17:20 - Unknown: Hello Wilma, How are you doing?
25/07/22, 03:16 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. I am sure we all understand how important it is to follow our rituals and routine religiously. Rituals motivate and move us. I have seen some of the students do not follow the ritual of saying I am a Proud Edoofian, especially on Sunday. This text is not an obligation but a practice each proud Edoofian should undertake. It is a reminder to self, the achievements you have achieved so far, the strong community that you are part of. 

So make sure you do not miss out of this practice and form a habit of sending “ I am a proud Edoofian” even on Sundays!

Happy Weekend!","transform":"
31/07/22, 21:33 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. I am sure we all understand how important it is to follow our rituals and routine religiously. Rituals motivate and move us. I have seen some of the students do not follow the ritual of saying I am a Proud Edoofian, especially on Sunday. This text is not an obligation but a practice each proud Edoofian should undertake. It is a reminder to self, the achievements you have achieved so far, the strong community that you are part of. \r
﻿\r
So make sure you do not miss out of this practice and form a habit of sending “ I am a proud Edoofian” even on Sundays!\r
﻿\r
Happy Weekend!\r
\r
\r
\r
\r","transform":"
11/08/22, 22:07 - Unknown: Hello, our proud Edoofian, I hope you are doing well. 



I am pleased to share with you that, on account of Raksha Bandhan, We are observing an off today. 



Let me share the significance of this festival: On this day, a sister ties a thread on the wrist of her brother as a symbol of her unconditional faith in him and of her prayers for his long life. In return, the brother promises to keep her happy always and protect her from all troubles. The festival celebrates the bond between brothers and sisters.

Each relation in our life should be celebrated and festivals just provide the time to strengthen this bond. While team edoofa recharges its emotional batteries, We will connect in our next session scheduled, till then have a great time. Also, keep practising your ritual of saying “ I am a Proud Edoofian!”","transform":"
15/08/22, 21:33 - Unknown: Hello our Proud Edoofian, I hope you are doing well. 



Independence Day promotes nationalism and patriotism toward the nation. It is one of the great days everyone remembers the sacrifices made by our freedom fighters to get Independence. India is celebrating its 76th Independence Day today. And everyone at Team Edoofa is celebrating this day and has taken the day off 



We will connect in our next session scheduled, till then have a great time. Also, keep practising your ritual of saying “ I am a Proud Edoofian!”","transform":"
16/08/22, 01:58 - Unknown: Hello our proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. 

I'm deeply saddened to share with you that your mentor Mr Sudeep is going through a personal loss. We send our condolences to him and his family during this time and encourage everyone of you to keep him in your prayers. 

To continue with your sessions and the EWYL programme, a new mentor will be assigned to you in the interim. Please use Whatsapp frequently so that your new mentor can connect with you right away.

Kindly acknowledge this text after reading !
