13/07/22, 02:12 - Christabel EWYL21E0797: Iam Christabel and my mentor is Mr. Anshul.
13/07/22, 17:18 - Unknown: Hello Christabel, how are you doing?
13/07/22, 17:18 - Unknown: I am Mr. Anshul, your EWYL mentor and I am really glad to connect with you today, here.
13/07/22, 17:51 - Christabel EWYL21E0797: Iam good n you
13/07/22, 21:15 - Unknown: I am also well, Christabel!
13/07/22, 21:40 - Unknown: Today I have connected with you to talk about something that unites us all. It serves as a link between each and every student, counselor, mentor, and parent associated with Edoofa. Every school that is happy to be associated with Edoofa does so because of the Edoofa Student community's shared love and passion for advancement. We all work hard, even our young and ambitious students, to guarantee that we all grow together. And it fills us with enormous satisfaction when our students express joy when they learn that they are featured in the newsletter and on social media sites and that they are happy that they are being recognised by their peers. It is the success of everyone who is a part of this wonderful community when they work together. The most successful leaders have a practice of sharing positive affirmations. We've decided to make this an intentional part of our everyday practice. Now that the majority of you are connecting with your mentors three to four times per week, you want to have a daily connection where we can celebrate our status as members of this renowned community of ambitious people. We want to build a conscious reminder of who we are, why we started this journey, and what our ultimate aims are, and a common sentence that can help us rewrite all of these things is the collective community bonding, therefore you must wish and speak out proudly to be an Edoofian every day. Every day, you must text me and say, \"I am a proud Edoofian.\"
13/07/22, 21:41 - Unknown: Let me define an Edoofian for you: A strong individual with a goal to be the voice of the voiceless and a leader for tomorrow is focused on bettering themselves and using their expertise to bring change to their country. Who is willing to put in the effort to make everything work so that his family can be proud of him, and who is responsible and sensible. Only the sky's the limit for a true Edoofian. Now that you know what an Edoofian is, these attributes should run through your mind every time you say I am a Proud Edoofian, filling you with pride that you are already a member of this elite group. So starting from today, I want you to text me first thing in the morning- “I am a proud Edoofian”
13/07/22, 21:41 - Unknown: This is a simple exercise that we will all perform to become more aware of the value and gift that we have been given, which is the opportunity to be a part of such a close-knit community whose sole purpose is everyone's success. We believe that for a group to be effective, three conditions must exist: member trust, a sense of group identity, and a sense of collective efficacy. We need to develop a habit of greeting each other and mentioning that I am a proud Edoofian in order to be better connected to the community and to build pride and confidence among ourselves.
14/07/22, 17:46 - Unknown: Hello Christabel! How are you today?
14/07/22, 23:25 - Christabel EWYL21E0797: Iam good and you
15/07/22, 00:35 - Unknown: Did you work on the Wednesday wisdom task I shared with you yesterday Christabel?

Personally I found it very interesting as it discussed the life and struggles of Patrice, an African Billionaire and I believe my students should take inspiration from him.
15/07/22, 03:26 - Christabel EWYL21E0797: No I didn't ,Iam sorry am little bit busy nowadays
15/07/22, 19:51 - Unknown: I understand that Christabel.
15/07/22, 19:51 - Unknown: However, are you unable to take out 20 minutes from your leisure at night for your skills?
16/07/22, 21:50 - Unknown: Please also send the Proud Edoofian message tomorrow. Let's not miss out the momentum even on Sunday.??
25/07/22, 03:18 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. I am sure we all understand how important it is to follow our rituals and routine religiously. Rituals motivate and move us. I have seen some of the students do not follow the ritual of saying I am a Proud Edoofian, especially on Sunday. This text is not an obligation but a practice each proud Edoofian should undertake. It is a reminder to self, the achievements you have achieved so far, the strong community that you are part of. 

So make sure you do not miss out of this practice and form a habit of sending “ I am a proud Edoofian” even on Sundays!

Happy Weekend!","transform":"
01/08/22, 21:52 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. I am sure we all understand how important it is to follow our rituals and routine religiously. Rituals motivate and move us. I have seen some of the students do not follow the ritual of saying I am a Proud Edoofian, especially on Sunday. This text is not an obligation but a practice each proud Edoofian should undertake. It is a reminder to self, the achievements you have achieved so far, the strong community that you are part of. \r
﻿\r
So make sure you do not miss out of this practice and form a habit of sending “ I am a proud Edoofian” even on Sundays!\r
﻿\r
Happy Weekend!\r
\r
\r
\r
\r","transform":"
11/08/22, 22:09 - Unknown: Hello, our proud Edoofian, I hope you are doing well. 



I am pleased to share with you that, on account of Raksha Bandhan, We are observing an off today. 



Let me share the significance of this festival: On this day, a sister ties a thread on the wrist of her brother as a symbol of her unconditional faith in him and of her prayers for his long life. In return, the brother promises to keep her happy always and protect her from all troubles. The festival celebrates the bond between brothers and sisters.

Each relation in our life should be celebrated and festivals just provide the time to strengthen this bond. While team edoofa recharges its emotional batteries, We will connect in our next session scheduled, till then have a great time. Also, keep practising your ritual of saying “ I am a Proud Edoofian!”","transform":"
15/08/22, 21:35 - Unknown: Hello our Proud Edoofian, I hope you are doing well. 



Independence Day promotes nationalism and patriotism toward the nation. It is one of the great days everyone remembers the sacrifices made by our freedom fighters to get Independence. India is celebrating its 76th Independence Day today. And everyone at Team Edoofa is celebrating this day and has taken the day off 



We will connect in our next session scheduled, till then have a great time. Also, keep practising your ritual of saying “ I am a Proud Edoofian!”","transform":"
