18/11/22, 23:39 - Ishmael EWYL22E0738: Hi this is Ishmael
20/11/22, 18:54 - Unknown: Hello my Proud Edoofian, hope you are doing well. 

Today I have connected with you to talk about something that unites us all. It serves as a link between each and every student, counselor, mentor, and parent associated with Edoofa. Every school that is happy to be associated with Edoofa does so because of the Edoofa Student community's shared love and passion for advancement. We all work hard, even our young and ambitious students, to guarantee that we all grow together. And it fills us with enormous satisfaction when our students express joy when they learn that they are featured in the newsletter and on social media sites and that they are happy that they are being recognised by their peers. It is the success of everyone who is a part of this wonderful community when they work together. The most successful leaders have a practice of sharing positive affirmations. We've decided to make this an intentional part of our everyday practice. Now that the majority of you are connecting with your mentors three to four times per week, you want to have a daily connection where we can celebrate our status as members of this renowned community of ambitious people. We want to build a conscious reminder of who we are, why we started this journey, and what our ultimate aims are, and a common sentence that can help us rewrite all of these things is the collective community bonding, therefore you must wish and speak out proudly to be an Edoofian every day. Every day, you must text me and say, \"I am a proud Edoofian.\"

Let me define an Edoofian for you: A strong individual with a goal to be the voice of the voiceless and a leader for tomorrow is focused on bettering themselves and using their expertise to bring change to their country. Who is willing to put in the effort to make everything work so that his family can be proud of him, and who is responsible and sensible. Only the sky's the limit for a true Edoofian. Now that you know what an Edoofian is, these attr
